[D1] Mention underlying database engine (#14080)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/d1/build-with-d1/d1-client-api.md

# D1 client API

> D1 uses SQLite as query engine. D1 client API allows you to interact with a D1 database from within a [Worker](/workers/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
D1 is compatible with most SQLite's SQL convention since it leverages SQLite's query engine. D1 client API allows you to interact with a D1 database from within a [Worker](/workers/). 
```
